So I feel that I would like to
make that other girl have those privileges,
have those opportunities that at the end
are not that privileged, are not that exclusive.
They are there, the opportunities are there, but
we are afraid to take those challenges
That at the very beginning could be really scary, but
after that, you will see that you are not alone.
We make the meetup completely open for
anyone that wants to join us.
Like the girls that were in
university were bringing them, the father,
the grandparent, could be their brother.
Anyone that can be with her joining the
meetup and helping her to feel safe.
You don't need to be coding all days
to be part of the Python community.
Hi, everyone. I'm Karo. Karobot. And you can find me everywhere
As Karobot, I'm a co-organizer of PyLadies
Colombia and also the PyCon Columbia.
I'm really happy and thrilled to be part of
this episode of PyPodcats, so thank you, Mariatta.
Thank you, Cheuk, for inviting me, and
I hope you enjoy the episode.